*** Subtitles by dylux ***
♪ You want love... but you fears it, ♪
♪ Your attentions... been shifted. ♪
♪ You summed up... the feeling ♪
♪ With a simple... dismissing ♪
♪ What you gonna do?
Deceiving ♪
♪ It ain't you... believe it, ♪
♪ 'Cause inside... you're working ♪
♪ You're mending... what's broken, ♪
♪ Preaching... it happened,
The Upgrade... going up there. ♪
OLIVE: The rumors of my promiscuity
have been greatly exaggerated.
I used to be anonymous,
invisible to the opposite sex.
If Google Earth were a guy,
he couldn't find me if I was
dressed up as a 10-story building.
Pretty cutting-edge stuff, huh?
A high school girl feeling anonymous.
Who am I? What does it all mean?
Why am I here? Blah.
But don't worry,
this isn't one of those tales.
Though it sure started out that way.
And then it changed pretty quickly
when I started lying,
about some very personal things.
So let the record show that I,
Olive Penderghast,
being of sound mind,
and below-average breast size.
Swear to tell the truth,
the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth.
Starting now. (Gasps as she's hit)
And what better way
to share my private thoughts,
than to broadcast them
on the Internet?
So here it is. Part one.
The shudder-inducing and clichéd,
however totally false account
of how I lost my virginity
to a guy at a community college.
Let me just begin by saying
that there are two sides to every story.
And this is my side, the right one.
Rhiannon: George is not a sexy name.
George is like what you name
your teddy bear,
Rhiannon: not the name you wanna
scream out during climax.
And by that, I assume you mean?
The stable and self-perpetuating
end stage
in the evolution
of a plant community.
- Right.
- Why, what were you thinking?
Same, but I don't say it out loud
lest someone get the wrong idea.
I think you know innuendo
is attached to everything these days.
Innuendo? What...,
whatever do you mean?
Rhiannon, Olive, go hit the books.
They don't hit back.
Also, hugs not drugs.
Mess with the bull, get the horns.
And any other clichés
you can come up with.
(Laughs) Bye, Mr. Griffith.
Bye.
- Watch your mouth.
- Sorry.
Olive: Mr. Griffith is
my favorite teacher.
Although,
after all the trouble I caused,
I don't know if I'm still
his favorite student.
You know, these are bad for you.
It leads to unwanted pregnancy,
all sorts of things.
Mismatched tires on your vehicle,
which is nonexistent.
And here is where the trouble began.
The lie that started the whole thing.
Please, please, I'm begging you.
I..I will pay you. I'll pay you.
Rhi, I cannot go camping
with you, okay?
I'm sorry, but I have a date.
- Okay? I told you.
- Oh, with who?
- You don't know him.
- And neither do you, you selfish bitch.
Yes, I do.
He goes to college with my brother.
Okay, what's his name, then?
Olive: Rhiannon is what you'd call
a strong personality.
A couple weeks ago she asked
me to come camping with her family,
and I don't know why
I didn't wanna go.
A little because I didn't really feel like
hanging out with her all weekend.
But mostly because her parents are
the weirdest people I have ever met,
and I live in California.
I ate dinner at her house once
and I swore, never again.
- This is interesting.
- Patchouli burger.
We grew it in our victory garden.
Rhiannon's Father:
You want some dessert?
No, thank you.
I'm trying to watch my figure.
Rhiannon's Mother: Well, I'm not.
Olive: So I lied and told her
I couldn't go,
because I had a date with a friend
of my brother's named, George.
Let's just face it, there is no such thing
as a sexy-George. All right.
Yeah, well, mine is,
so I think we should just
put this conversation to bed.
Fine, don't go camping with us.
Just know I hate you, bitch.
Go get your chocolate milk.
- Do you want one?
- No.
Olive: And here's how I really spent
the weekend.
♪ Gotta pocket, gotta pocket full of sunshine... ♪
Blech!
The worst song ever.
♪ I gotta pocket, gotta pocket
full of sunshine. ♪
♪ I got a love and I know
that it's all mine oh, Oh whoa oh ♪
♪ Do what you want but
you're never gonna break me ♪
♪ Sticks and stones are never
gonna shake me Yo, Oh, Whoa oh ♪
♪ I gotta...I gotta...I gotta...
I gotta bucket...gotta bucket... ♪
♪ I gotta bucket, gotta bucket
full of sunshine, ♪
♪ And I gotta a love that I know
is all mine, oh, whoa, oh, oh. ♪
♪ Take me away, a secret place ♪
♪ A sweet escape I called a day. ♪
I gotta a pock...
(Card stops playing)
(Crickets chirping)
Olive: But, on Monday.
When Rhi asked how my weekend was.
He was charming, you know?
He was a real gentleman.
And it feels like, like I got a love
and I know that it's all mine.
Okay, okay. Wait, wait.
So are you going to see him again?
No, no, I'll probably not. You know,
it was just one of those weekends.
A whole weekend?
Yup.
- Whoa, whoa, wait a minute.
- What?
- You didn't have...
- No, no, of course not.
You liar. You totally
lost your V-card to him.
- No, I didn't.
- Yes, you did.
- Tell me everything.
- Rhi, I'm not that kind of girl.
Oh really, the kind that does it,
or the kind that does it,
and doesn't have the lady-balls
to tell her best friend?
- What?
- I want every detail.
- Rhi.
- Now, bitch.
You know, you call me 'bitch' a lot.
Okay?
- It's not really a term of endearment.
- I want every detail. Now, shitface.
You're not really heading
in the right direction.
Tell me.
Fine.
We did it.
Yes!
Finally.
Now you're a super slut like me.
I don't think letting Peter Hedlund
motorboat you,
behind a Bed Bath & Beyond
really makes you a super slut.
There were a lot of people walking
past, okay. Someone could've easily seen.
- Mmm hmm.
- Whatever. This isn't about me, this is about you.
What'd you let him do?
It was normal. You know?
Nothing, uh...freaky.
Olive: I don't know why I did it.
I guess maybe it was because
it was the first time
I had sort of felt superior to, Rhi.
But I just started piling on lie after lie.
It was like setting up Jenga.
Do you like, Glade candles?
Those kind, but they were like,
sexy Glade candles.
He was sweet. He was...
What the hell are you looking at,
Sister Christian?
Just a couple of admitted whores.
Olive: Marianne Bryant is the secretary
of the student council,
chairman of the Orange Blossom
dance committee,
and the president of
the Cross Your Heart Club.
A club dedicated to shoving
their beliefs down people's throats.
Obviously they don't care.
Last year's cause celeb was
the changing of the school mascot.
Give it up for your
very own Blue Devils!
Bluuuue!
(Crowd cheers)
Blue Devil!
Yeah.
Yeah!
How can we exhibit school pride
when we're conveyed to others,
as Satan worshippers?
Olive: Now, thankfully,
we're the much less intimidating,
Give it up for the Woodchucks!
Hey! Go, Woodchucks!
Todd: Woodchucks!
(Gnawing sounds on wood)
WHOOO!
I liked Todd much better
when he was topless.
Yeah, but even dressed as a
woodchuck, I still fantasize about him.
(Crowd cheering)
Woodchucks.
(Crowd gasps)
Olive: Now Marianne had
a new cause celeb.
Me.
Which brings us to part two.
The accelerated velocity
of terminological inexactitude.
Which is really just my obnoxious way
of saying that lies travel fast.
And, boy, did my terminological
inexactitude accelerate with velocity.
Student whispers:
Did you hear about Olive?
♪ I don't know how to love him, ♪
♪ I don't know how to care for him, ♪
♪ Cupid shoot me, with your bow, ♪
♪  So I know, how to love him so. ♪
- She's not a virgin anymore?
- I can't believe it.
- Olive lost her virginity.
- Yeah.
Maybe next time a certain somebody
will be a little more careful
what she says in the water closet.
Yeah, about that? It's, uh,
that's actually not what you think.
Can I, uh talk to you alone
for a second?
- You gonna be okay?
- Yeah, I'm fine. Thank you.
Bye, Nina.
Uh, what you heard in the bathroom
the other day wasn't true at all.
- Um, it's actually a funny story.
- Olive, that's your name, right?
Yeah, yeah. And you're Marianne.
Uh, we've had nine classes together,
since kindergarten.
Ten, if you count Religion
of Other Cultures, which you didn't,
because you called it
science fiction and refused to go.
Yeah, listen, I'm not the one
that you have to answer to,
for your depraved behavior.
There's a higher power
that will judge you for your indecency.
Tom Cruise?
I hope for your sake
that God has a sense of humor.
Oh, I have 17 years' worth
of anecdotal proof he does.
You've made your bed.
I just hope for your sake
that you've cleaned the sheets.
Did I just get saved?
Olive: So Marianne spread the rumor.
For the first time ever, my sexual
exploits were the talk of school.
Oh, you know what? I'm wrong.
It was the second time.
The first time was back
in 8th grade,
when all I wanted was a kiss from
this guy I had always had a crush on.
Todd and I were thrown together
in seven minutes of Heaven.
Luckily we had a super romantic
song from our youth to set the mood.
I think this is the part where you're
suppose to stick your tongue in my mouth.
That's what I've heard, anyway.
Just give me a second, okay?
(Nervously laughs)
According to my watch,
you have 382 of them.
- How do you do that?
- What?
Add so fast.
And you also talk like a grown-up.
Don't worry, I'm not nearly as smart
as I think I am.
So if we didn't do anything,
could you still tell people we kissed?
Absolutely.
- Thanks, Olive.
- Sure, Todd.
Olive: Actually didn't wanna lie that time.
Although when people thought
I'd kissed someone, they didn't really care.
But when they thought that
I slept with someone.
Hey, Olive. How's it going?
I'm swell,
Guy-I've-Never-Talked-to-Before.
Thanks for asking.
Olive: All I could think to myself was,
"Great, now I'm a tramp".
I'm gonna have to get
a lower-back tattoo,
and pierce something
not on my face.
Olive: You guys know that
I was here all weekend, right?
- Yeah.
- Yes, you were upstairs.
- Dill: Yeah.
- You would testify to that?
- Rosemary: Yeah.
- I would take a bullet for you.
You know that.
Right between the eyes.
Man, I would slit my throat,
rather than say something
to someone,
- that you didn't want me to say.
- That's not necessary, Dad.
- But that is comforting.
- That's how I am, it's how I roll.
Dill: That's how I do, as they say.
- I like the pants.
- Thank you. They're Costco.
You can have them when you
get a little taller if you want.
- I'm never gonna go through puberty.
- Rosemary: Course you will, baby.
But we're a family of late bloomers.
I didn't until I was 14. Nor did Olive.
Why does that matter? I'm adopted.
(Dill pounds fist on wall)
WHAT? Oh, my God. Who told you?
Guys, we were gonna do this
at the right time.
Listen to me.
Sometimes, even when a man and
a woman loves each other very much,
like your mother and I used to.
Their insides just don't cooperate
with each other.
Rosemary: So, what's going on, honey?
Why do you want us to take a bullet
if anyone asks if you were here,
all weekend?
It's nothing. It's just the rumor mill.
What's the rumor mill churning out
these days? Anything interesting?
You know, not really. Not really.
It's a little low on grist.
Ooo, clever wordplay. I like it very much.
You must be related to me.
- Only by marriage.
- Give it to me.
Olive: So, what we're all gonna
take away from this?
- Olive: I was here all weekend, right?
- Dill and Rosemary: Yes, yes, yes.
Olive: Remember how I told you
Google Earth couldn't find me
if I was dressed up
as a ten-story building?
Well, the next day it could find me if I
was dressed as a crack on a sidewalk.
That's the beauty of being
a girl in high school.
People hear you had sex once
and bam, you're a bimbo.
I really didn't mean for the lie
to put me on the map,
but I gotta admit,
I kind of liked being on the map.
Mr. Griffith: So, clearly
Nathaniel Hawthorne is a complex writer.
Even I had trouble with him.
I read him originally when I was 5,
but I struggled.
So I'm gonna break it down for you.
I'm gonna throw some rhymes.
Anson, drop me a beat.
- What?
- Give me a beat.
Push it up.
Raps: Yeah, adultery, vengeance
Crimes of passion
Kill the beat.
I'm not gonna rap for you guys, okay.
It's pandering
and it's been done before,
in every bad movie
you've ever seen. Okay.
Olive: Ironically, we were studying
The Scarlet Letter.
Now, isn't that always the way?
The books you read in class always
seem to have some strong connection
with whatever angsty
adolescent drama is going on.
Except for Huckleberry Finn.
'Cause I don't know any teenage boys,
who have ever run away
with a big, hulking black guy.
For those of who haven't read
The Scarlet Letter,
or for those who said you did
but really didn't, here's all
you need to know.
Olive: This girl, Hester Prynne,
has an affair with a minister,
is besmirched and made to wear
a red A for 'adulterer'.
But then the town realizes
she was too harshly judged,
and she's really a good person,
and she dies a saint.
A whole bunch
of other stuff happens too.
If you have a test on it, rent the movie,
but make sure it's the original.
Not the Demi Moore version where
she talks in a fake British accent,
and takes a lot of baths.
To say that one was freely adapted
is a...
(Bad cockney accent)
Bit o' an understate-mant, guvnor.
What we have to realize,
is that Hester lived
in an entirely different time.
Mr. Griffith: A time when the worst crime
a woman could commit was in fact, adultery.
Mr. Griffith: Nina.
I think Hester Prynne was,
excuse my language, a skank.
A skank? So you don't think
she was a victim at all?
Why should I?
She brought it on herself.
Perhaps you should embroider a red A
on your wardrobe, you abominable tramp.
Perhaps you should get a wardrobe,
you abominable twat.
Olive: Not my best line,
but it was provocative enough,
to land me in the principal's office.
(Stapler slammed hard)
Seems as if someone's
on a downward spiral.
practicing the mundane activities,
she'll be saddled with
the rest of her pathetic life.
I just hope, for your sake, you at least
had the good sense to use protection.
Why? Your parents didn't.
- You're going to hell.
- Just as long as you won't be there.
I can assure you I won't.
Good.
(Continuously slams stapler)
Principal Gibbons: I don't care who
started it. Just work it out.
Penderghast.
So why am I just meeting you?
Language like this would've
warranted a visit years ago.
This is the first time I have done anything
remotely misbehavioral.
This is foul.
I know. I am so...
I'm really, really sorry.
Sorry you said it
or sorry you got caught?
Sorry I said it, honestly.
And sorry I got caught a little bit too,
but mostly just sorry I said it.
If you use a word like this again in my
school, it'll be your last. You understand?
Yes, sir. Yes.
I mean, this isn't one of
those progressive schools,
where the teachers are called
by their first names,
and students
are partners in learning,
and there's a fundraising auction
at the end of the year.
Where the more creative parents
put on musical skits,
about the community garden.
This is public school.
If I can keep the girls off the pole and
the boys off the pipe, I get a bonus.
Now, if you're sent to me
one more time,
you're gonna be out on your fantail.
Now, am I making myself clear?
Yes, sir.
- Good.
- I think so.
I mean, I got a little lost in
the middle, but I found my way back.
Detention after school tomorrow.
Now, 'pffft' out.
Olive: Even though it was my slutty alter ego
that said a bad word in school,
it was my ass that got in trouble.
Which was a place my ass
had never been before.
Hey, Olive.
Oh, my God. The illusion is shattered.
This is exactly when they put you in the gas chamber
if you take your head off at Disney World.
I think they just fire you.
You're thinking of Disneyland.
- Disney World is much more liberal.
- Oh, yeah.
I always forget Disney World
went blue in the last election.
Are you going to Melody Bostic's party?
I hadn't planned on it.
Hmm, me neither. My cousin's getting
married. It's a rehearsal dinner.
See you. Stay excellent.
You too.
- Todd: What's up, kid?
- Kid: Woodchuck.
Please tell me the rumors are true.
Yes. Yes, I am a big, fat slut.
No, no not that one. The one where you got
suspended for calling Nina Howell a dick,
and punching her in the left tit.
I worry about the way information
circulates at this school.
Rhi? I need to tell you something.
Like the exact moment
you turned into such a badass?
- I think I'm in love with you.
- Okay.
Please tell me you at least left a mark
on that little scrunched-up face of hers?
- It's not true.
- It wasn't the left tit?
It was the right one.
I always pegged you for a southpaw.
Can you listen to me
for one second, please?
-Pow, pow, pow!
-Okay, it didn't happen.
Oh, yeah, right. Your secret's safe
with me, you little sex monkey.
I got sent to the principal today.
Did you win a medal or something?
Not exactly.
I used inappropriate language
in English class.
Although we're reading a book
that I personally deem
wildly inappropriate for our age group,
so I actually felt it was quite apropos.
What did you say?
Let's just say it was
an inappropriate word.
Well, what did it start with?
A snide comment
from a snotty girl in my class.
No, I mean what letter
did the word start with?
- Ah, T.
- Oh, T.
- T? Let us think. T, T, T.
- T. All right, T. Yeah, T.
- T, T, T.
Both: T, T, T, T, T,
To, toe...
Both: T, T, T, T, T, T...T, T...
- Guys.
- Noun, adjective or verb?
Noun, it's definitely slang.
Think British.
Tally whacker? Termagant?
Yob, frast, nunt.
You're just saying sounds.
Those are sounds.
- Spell it with your peas.
- Oh yeah, spell it with your peas. Do it.
- I will take that challenge.
- Dill: Do it.
I like that, all right.
So does this have anything to do
with the rumor,
that you mentioned the other night?
Dill: Do you need to talk to us
about something, sweetie?
Chip: What's a twit?
Rosemary: That's an 'A', honey.
And it's a word that'll get you sent
to the principal's office.
It's a bad word, sit down.
I guess we're lucky that this
is not a common occurrence.
What would my punishment
have been otherwise?
- Bed without supper, I guess.
- But I'm already finished.
- No dating. No dating.
- Yeah, no dating.
- Dill: No dating for you, young lady.
- Rosemary: No dating.
I think my complete lack of allure,
already kind of shot that horse in the face.
I wouldn't know how to be grounded
anymore than you know how to ground.
That's right. Love you, come here.
And I bet that girl was acting
like exactly what you called her.
Oh, you have no idea.
Chip: I got a B-plus
on my spelling test today.
That's good, honey, but everything
has spell check these days, so...
Just kidding.
Where are you from originally?
Olive: So the next day
I had detention.
Which, thanks to recent
budget cuts, meant cleaning.
I was looking forward to
getting all this behind me.
I had done the crime.
I was gonna do the time.
And that would be that,
but that...
Aren't there, like,
child labor laws against this?
Not in high school.
The principal's like the captain
of the ship in international waters.
He can even marry people.
We haven't talked in a while.
How have you been, Brandon?
Fabulous, I'm crushing it.
Everything according to plan.
I wanna be in detention.
Yeah, why are you here?
Judging from the amount of blood
I saw gushing out of your nose,
I thought you were the bullied.
You think that Principal Gibbons is a homophobe,
which is why I called him a fascist.
- So the rumors are true.
- I don't know what you're talking about.
I meant about Gibbons being a fascist.
Brandon: So, what's with your new look?
Very whore couture.
Oh, haven't you heard?
I'm the new school slut.
You know, I did hear something.
I also heard he was twice your age.
Oh, no, no, no.
No, he was a freshman in college.
I also heard he gave you crabs.
- Eww, people suck.
- Tell me about it.
He's not real.
- What?
- The guy I slept with. I made him up.
Wait, you started the rumor?
Indirectly, I guess sort of.
Or actually, no.
No, not really. No, I didn't.
Well, but you're perpetuating it.
That's really messed up.
Excuse me?
Well, you're not even a real slut.
You just want people to think you are.
It's pathetic.
Uh, no offense, but uh, you could probably
learn something from me, Brando.
Are you saying that...that I should
act straight so people will like me?
That's groundbreaking. You should
teach a course at 'The Learning Annex'.
It could be called "The Painfully
Obvious with Olive Penderghast,
the Fake School Slut".
I was just suggesting that
maybe these kids we call peers,
are onto something.
You know, like Marianne Bryant.
Maybe that whole stuck-up,
Jesus-freak thing is an act. You know?
No, I think she's just
a stuck-up Jesus freak.
And there are some of us who are
just trying to blend in, to the crowd.
Well, then you've gotta do
everything you can to blend in,
or decide not to care.
I can't decide if you're a genius
or a lunatic.
Well, don't they sort of go
hand in hand?
- Rhiannon: So you heard any word from, George?
- Olive: Nope.
I told you, that was a one-night stand,
which is now over.
You know, you're being pretty
cavalier about this.
Aren't you supposed to be like,
eternally in love with him, and shit?
Yes, I believe so. If I was "A Gossip Girl
in Sweet Valley with traveling pants".
But Uhh, no, I'm not.
So I could really care less.
Okay, so Brandy Carter
was telling Vanessa Hodges,
that you were with three guys
in a Jacuzzi.
Sounds like a lot of work.
Olive: I guess that's still better than
getting it on with some old dude.
Eww, who said that?
Uh, do you know that Brandon kid?
That's what somebody told him.
Isn't he a homo?
Yeah.
♪ (Cell Phone playing
"Pocket full of Sunshine") ♪
Speak of the devil. Hello.
I was just talking about you
with my friend, Rhiannon.
You know Rhiannon.
She's a perpetually angry.
She curses like a Somali sailor. Bi...
- Yeah. That's the one.
- "Bi..."? "Bi..."? What's "bi-"?
- Okay.
- What's Bi..I wanna know what "bi..." is.
Hello, what's "bi..."? What is "bi..."?
- Bye.
- "Bi..."? What is "bi..."?
Bedazzling personality?
Beautiful, beautiful soul?
- Big tits.
- That's my identifier?
Yes!
All right, well, that was Brandon. He
needs to talk to me about something.
- Probably wants to borrow an outfit.
- Mmm, whatever, Big Tits.
Heck, yeah!
Woo hoo!
Big tits!
The next day,
things took a turn for the scandalous
which brings us to part three.
A lady's choice
and a gentleman's agreement.
(Knock, knock)
Hi, is there an Olive here?
There's a whole jar of them
in the fridge.
I'm sorry,
I must have the wrong address.
Just kidding. Come on in.
Any friend of Olive's
is a friend of our daughter's.
Olive, sweetie.
There's a young man
here to see you.
(Southern-Belle accent) He said something
about asking for your hand in marriage.
(Southern-Belle accent)
Oh, happy day, Mama!
Oh, I thought I was gonna have
to spend my dowry
on booze and pills
to numb the loneliness.
Olive: A gentleman caller, hurray!
- What's that?
- Olive has a boy in her room.
- (gasps) A boy?
- A boy.
- Dill: Wow, a boy.
- Rosemary: A boy.
A boy?
- A boy.
- Wow.
Welcome.
This is where the magic happens.
And as you all know by magic,
I mean nothing.
- Do you wanna go out with me?
- What?
Well, I mean, like,
do you wanna be my girlfriend?
Uh, Brandon, just a couple hours ago
you told me you were 'Kinsey Six' gay.
True, but you said I should
pretend to be straight, so.
Yeah, I didn't mean with me.
I mean, you're a nice guy and all,
but you're not really uh, my type.
Yeah, you're not really
my type either.
Yeah, I know that. I got that V
where you'd rather see a P.
Do you wanna
have sex with me or not?
Oh, my God, dude.
Wow, you completely missed
the point of that.
- That is not what I was saying at all.
- No, I know what you were saying.
That I should act straight
until I get out of this hellhole.
Then I can be whoever I wanna be.
I get that.
And you know that I didn't reallyh have sex
with a college guy, right?
I just told everybody I did.
Actually, I told one person I did.
And you know how these things work.
It's like wildfire.
So you're saying
I shouldn't really have sex?
I should just say I had sex
with someone. A girl.
Yes, yes.
(Groans)
Oh, no.
- Wai... Just...
- Oh, no, no, no.
- No way! No way!
- Just wait. Wait, wait. Stop it, stop it.
- Absolutely not.
- Think about it. Think about it.
- We could help each other out.
- No.
You wanna maintain
this floozy facade.
I don't wanna get pushed into shit
every day. It's a win-win-win.
How do you know I like
being thought of as a floozy?
Because at least
you're being thought of.
Just one good imaginary bonk.
You are on crack, all right.
And not the good kind.
Look it doesn't have to be a bonk.
It could anything, it could be an imaginary
butterbean, lemon squeeze, cow bells.
- I don't know what any of that means.
- Well that's because you're a virgin.
You know what?
This is not the answer at all.
I'll pay you, I'll pay you whatever you want.
I don't want your money, Brandon.
Why don't you just do what I did
and make someone up.
Who's going to believe me?
Hmmm?
Look you don't understand how hard it is,
all right? I'm tormented.
And every day at school
is like I'm being suffocated.
And sure, we can sit
and fantasize all we want
about how things
are gonna be different one day
but this is today and it sucks.
All right, and there's only one way around it.
You were smart enough to think of it.
So please, just help me.
'Cause I can't take another day
of this. I don't know what I'll do.
I don't do anything half-assed.
All right?
It'll have to be a public event.
Melody Bostic is throwing
a party tomorrow night.
All of your tormentors will be there.
You and I are going together. All right?
You have to do everything I say and
tell everyone that I am sensational.
- Thank you so much for doing this.
- Just,
you know, make sure you're ready
to live with the consequences.
Right.
- What the hell is a lemon squeezed?
- It's like a backwards melon bag.
How don't I know any of this?
Olive: The next night was the party
at Melody Bostic's house.
She is the most
popular girl in school.
It's partly because she's pretty
and has perfect hair.
But mostly because her parents
let her have these huge parties
every time she catches them
doing it in the pool.
Which is every week, apparently.
Brandon and I showed up
when it was in full swing.
I borrowed a dress from my mom,
Brandon borrowed a jacket from me
and we put on a little show.
Hey, Olive and Brandon.
Brandon: What's up?
I hope you don't mind, but we had
a few pre-cocktail-party cocktails,
like, before the cocktail party
with cocktails.
Listen, here's the sitch,
Melody Bostic.
Brandon was just in the middle
of telling me this really funny thing
which is really funny.
And I was wondering if um, there's,
like, a room where we could go.
Where he could finish telling me
that thing that's funny
If you know what I mean.
You can use my room.
Down the hall to the left.
Cool.
Is that Olive with Brandon?
I know, what the hell, right?
You guys are my buddies.
I'm drunk, bitches. What's up?
I love your room!
Melody: My sheets. Put a towel down.
- (Guy from crowd) Olive's gonna do a gay dude.
- Thanks. Close the shades.
- No, no, no. What are you doing?
- Relax.
Jesus, what is with you gays? Are you
really that repulsed by lady parts?
What do you think I have down there,
a gnome?
So nice. What is that, lavender?
It's pretty.
What are you doing? Can you...?
Can you come here, please?
Jacket off, come on.
All right, come on.
Chop-chop, all right.
Now grunt, grunt and
make it convincing.
(Grunts like horse)
I said grunt, not whine.
Just grunt.
(Grunt's harder)
Moan, you know? Like, sex noises.
God, you are pathetic.
(Slap, screams)
- Shhhh,
- (Mumbles through hand)
(Grunts in pain)
Good. Good.
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
- Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah!
Uh, you don't have to be
so aggressive about it.
You don't like that?
Oh, you don't like that!
- No, I don't like that.
- No, how about that.
- You like that?
- Uh, a little better.
Yeah, you like that.
I like that.
This guy, he's gay, no?
- Don't stop!
- Keep going.
- Olive: Don't stop.
- Brandon: I'm not gonna stop.
I'm not gonna stop.
Now you try. You try.
I'm gonna turn you around
and take you from the back.
That's not gonna make people
think you're straight.
Never mind that gayness
because I'm a straight guy. Roar!
Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah!
- That's awesome! That's perfect!
- Yeah!
That's what I'm talking about!
Do you smell that? Do you smell us?
(Slapping) Ow, ow, ow.
Did he just say it smelled?
Crowd: Ewwww.
- Isn't it supposed to smell?
- I don't know.
But if it does, you're
not suppose to comment on it.
- It doesn't really smell that bad.
- Oh, yeah. Yes, God!
- Olive: Don't stop. Yeah!
- Brandon: Don't stop. It's too much fun.
- You ready for the grand finale?
- Yeah. What? (Groans)
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Come on.
Oh, my God.
Go forth, my son.
You're a man now.
Hey.
Thank you.
Seriously, thanks.
Oh.
- Olive: Here.
- Brandon: What is this?
Evidence.
What's up?
Hey, man.
How was she?
Well, well, let's just say
I'll be walking funny tomorrow.
What?
- I'm drunk. What's up, bitches?
- Yeah!
- Whoa, hey.
- Todd, hi.
Uh, what are you doing here?
I thought you were at
your cousin's rehearsal tonight.
It was a quick rehearsal.
I only had one line.
Ooof, That was a joke.
I know.
(Fake laugh)
Sorry, how's it going?
You know, I'm, uh
- I'm here.
- Can I get you a beer?
That rhymed, I liked it.
- Well.
- Yeah.
- I'm gonna go.
- You sure?
- Yeah, bye.
- See you at the salt mines.
Olive: Maybe this is
gonna sound stupid
and, believe me, it's not like
I was expecting, you know, fireworks
or a string quartet or anything, but
I always thought pretending
to lose my virginity
would be a little more,
I don't know, special?
Judy Blume should've
prepared me for that.
(Making Wah wah noises)
That is so beautiful.
Never had one lesson.
That boy from yesterday
just dropped this off for you.
Well, put it in the pile of gifts
from my other suitors.
- Thanks.
- He seems like a nice kid.
He seemed a little incredibly gay.
A dyed-in-the-wool homosexual,
that boy is.
I just want you to know your father
and I are totally supportive.
We love you no matter
what the sexual orientation
of your opposite-sex sex partner.
We're not dating, Mom.
And don't worry about
not making us grandparents.
Although we were kind of hoping
you'd get knocked up.
So we'd have a second shot
at raising kids.
Really, do it right this time.
- Bye now.
- You know, I dated a homosexual once.
For a long time, actually.
A long time.
Dear God, dear Lord, tell me you did
not marry and have children with him.
- (Laughs) No.
- (Uneasy laugh)
No, no, no.
Your father is as straight
as they come.
A little too straight,
if you know what I mean, girlfriend.
I don't, can you shut the door, please?
(Rosemary bumps and grunts)
Okay, door's right over there.
Keep going.
- Take it down.
- Go take that out to Dad. Nice.
"Just in case you don't shop at Target.
Then you can go screw yourself.
Brandon."
(Giggles, laughs)
♪ (Cell phone plays
"Bucket full of sunshine") ♪
Hi, Rhi.
Is it true you got with Brandon
at Melody Dipshit's party?
- Uhh, is that what people are saying happened?
- (Box vibrates)
Rhi: That's what everyone
is saying happened.
Well, then I guess that,
I guess that's true.
Just because you lost your virginity
doesn't mean you can go around
- throwing your cat at everybody.
- I'm not throwing my cat at everybody.
I had to hear from Jackie Rudetsky.
Rhi: Do you know
how embarrassing that is?
Finding out you slept with some
gay dude from Jackie Rudetsky?
That must've been pretty embarrassing.
Rhi: Why didn't you tell me
you were going to the party?
I would've come with
and held your hair or something.
Rhi, are you really making this
about you right now?
- You know, you're starting to get a reputation.
- And you're coming off as a little pious.
You're kinda pissing me off
a little more than usual.
Rhi: I'm sorry if I think it's
a best friend's duty
to let her know that everyone, and
I do mean everyone, is calling her
a dirty skank.
Well, do you think I'm a dirty skank?
You know, I didn't wanna believe it,
but I guess it's true.
Rhi: That is your identifier.
And you're a jealous virgin.
So...
Olive: People thought
I was a dirty skank?
Fine, I'd be the dirtiest skank
they'd ever seen.
♪ I don't give a damn
about my reputation. ♪
♪ You're living in the past,
it's a new generation. ♪
♪ A girl can do what she wants to do,
and that's what I'm gonna do. ♪
♪ I don't give a damn about
my bad reputation. ♪
♪ And I don't give a damn about
my reputation. ♪
Shit.
- ♪ I never said I wanted to improve my station ♪
- (Howls in pain)
(Grunts in anger)
Is everything all right? It sounds
like you're having sex in here.
Which I know can't be true,
due to the fact
that you have a homosexual boyfriend.
He is not my boyfriend.
Hey, no judgment.
All God's children. It's fine.
I was gay once, for a while.
No big deal. We all do it.
It's okay.
Dad, please shut the door, please?
You all right, buddy?
(Deep breath)
Yeah.
Give them hell.
♪ ("Sexy Silk" by Jessica Cornish) ♪
♪ Boy I will be your sexy silk. ♪
♪ Wrap me around,
round, round, round. ♪
♪ I'll be your pussycat
licking your milk  ♪
♪ right now, down, down, down. ♪
♪ Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
boy you're gonna win! ♪
♪ Say ya, ya, ya, ya
you're under my skin. ♪
♪ Ya, ya, ya, ya
stay's within. ♪
♪ Ohhhhh!
I think I love you. ♪
- Hey, Anson.
- Hey.
I just realized the funniest thing.
My name is an anagram for "I love."
What's a...? What's an anagram?
Look it up, big boy.
What's your problem?
You really wanna know
what my problem is?
No, that was a rhetorical question.
I don't wanna know anything from you.
We are not friends anymore.
We are officially over.
Oh, rats.
Hey, I want my Juicy sweatshirt back.
It was way to loose around
your chest anyway.
Oooo, burn.
- Stop.
- What?
♪ Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa
boy you're gonna win! ♪
♪ Say ya, ya, ya, ya
you're under my skin. ♪
♪ Ya, ya, ya, ya
stays within. ♪
♪ Ohhhhh!
I think I love you. ♪
What are you doing?
Nothing.
Don't forget, tomorrow's Earth Day.
Marianne: Guys, we have a problem:
Olive Penderghast.
- We need to pray for her.
- (All) Amen.
But we also need to
get her the hell out of here.
(All) Amen.
I'm sure you guys  heard what happened
at Melody Bostic's party.
I was there.
I heard the whole thing.
That's not something you
need to advertise, Kurt.
Sorry, but I was.
Marianne: I tried to witness to her,
but this girl is defiant
to any type of help.
Does anybody here think they can
talk to her in a way,
that might get her to see that
what she's doing is wrong?
(Sobbing)
- It's okay.
- I'm sorry, you guys. This is so stupid.
No, it's not, Marianne. It's real.
- It's real.
- (The others) Yeah, it is.
Marianne: Jesus tells us to love everyone.
I mean, even the whores and
the homosexuals, but it's just so hard.
It's so hard because they keep
doing it over and over again.
Marianne: Make me a promise.
Make God a promise,
right here and right now,
that we will remain
pure and chaste until marriage.
(All) We promise.
Awesome, awesome, awesome.
I love you guys. God loves you guys.
Now, let's change lives today.
Micah.
♪ When Israel was in Egypt’s land,
let my people go. ♪
♪ Oppressed so hard,
they could not stand ♪
♪ Let my people go ♪
♪ Go down, Moses,
Way down in Egypt's Land. ♪
♪ Tell ol' Pharaoh,
to let my people go. ♪
♪ To let my people go.
To let my people,*
♪ To let my people,
to let my people, GO! ♪
Olive: I didn't know what they
were so upset about.
I put an A on my wardrobe
just like they asked.
Maybe it was because I was wearing
clothes that were two sizes too small.
Todd: Hey, Olive!
You uh, left your glass slipper
at the party the other night.
Yeah, and I got pumpkin all
over my dress too, c'est la vie.
- La vie
- Nice, solid joke.
It sucks because we could've
revisited Melody's bedroom.
Oh, my God,
that was Melody Bostic's house.
- Yeah.
- I can't believe you remember that.
Yeah, come on. Who doesn't
remember their first almost-kiss?
Evan: Hey, Olive.
Evan, hi, what's rocking?
Can I talk to you for a second?
Yeah, what's up?
Don't get mad, but Brandon told me
what you did for him.
Oh, well, rest assured, it was equally
as thrilling for me. (Purrs)
No, he told me the truth.
I was just hoping that maybe
you could do the same for me?
Goodbye, Evan.
Wait, wait, I... I can pay you.
I am about six seconds away
from slapping you so hard
- your teeth will bleed.
- Can you do it in front of everyone?
I don't need your permission, you know.
What?
I mean, at the rate you're going.
I just don't see how people
will not believe it.
- Are you threatening me?
- I'll give you 100 bucks.
You are repugnant.
Uh, duh! That's the problem.
Evan: Never mind.
I'm sorry I asked.
I knew it wouldn't work.
I'm just a fat piece of shit.
Evan: When will high school end already?
Shit.
I want a $100 gift card deposited
into my locker by noon tomorrow.
Preferably to the Gap, but I will
also take Amazon.com or OfficeMax.
Actually, make it OfficeMax.
I have my eye on a label maker.
We did not have sex, okay?
I let you fondle my chest,
and it was a glorious moment for you.
Unmatched by anything you've her
to fore experienced, including cake.
Got it?
Wait a minute.
A hundred bucks for second base?
- Yeah.
- Doesn't that seem a little steep?
Can we throw in, like, some
butt action or some pants rubbing?
- What are you, 9?
- Whatever, are you in?
- Whatever.
- Deal, then.
Thanks, Olive.
You know, the sad thing is, Evan?
If you'd been a gentleman
and maybe asked me on a date,
I might've said yes.
Really?
Do you wanna go out with me?
Not now I don't, shit-dick.
♪ Gotta get bad before it gets good... ♪
Olive: It should come as no surprise that
the rumor I was soliciting sex for money
spread around the school
faster than...
Well, faster than the first rumor
about me spread.
♪ You say you trust me, ♪
♪ But just me ♪
♪ Put your faith in me, ♪
♪ Then wait patiently, ♪
♪ Keep on telling me lies,
I'll believe, I'll believe you. ♪
like I need you, I need you.
♪ You keep on spinning
your words. ♪
♪ You say you gotta ♪
♪ Then you break your promises,
With a film star. ♪
♪ Gotta get bad before
it gets good. ♪
(All whispering) She'll do stuff
for money. Around the world...
Olive: But for people who knew
the truth, I was open for business.
And whether I liked it or not,
I had a lot of customers.
Phil Lord gave me
100 bucks from Best Buy.
So he could tell people
we hooked up behind the library.
I got $50 from T.J. Maxx
so that Eric Ling could say
we got it on during Chemistry.
Ninety dollars from Panda Express
so Ryan Dukes could tell people
I showed him mine,
but he did not show me his.
Chris Miller,
big spender that he is
gave me $40 worth of movie passes
for my pretend cowbell.
They had an expiration date
and were only good
at the stupid foreign movie theater.
Hi, one for Der Scharlachrote Buchstabe.
But even that is better
than Sanjay Chandrasekhar.
Seriously? A coupon? Twenty percent
off to Bath & Body Works?
Is that how much our imaginary tryst
meant to you?
I fake rocked your world.
- It's all I can afford.
- How's that my problem, amigo?
Olive: I knew he wasn't Latino,
but for some reason all these shady
backdoor deals had me
talking like Carlito.
- Beat it, ese.
- Okay.
Whatever happened to chivalry?
Does it only exist in '80s movies?
Olive: I want John Cusack holding
a boom box outside my window.
I wanna ride off on a lawn mower
with Patrick Dempsey.
I want Jake from Sixteen Candles
waiting outside the church for me.
I want Judd Nelson
thrusting his fist into the air
'Cause he knows he got me.
Just once, I want my life
to be like an '80s movie.
Preferably one with a really
awesome musical number.
For no apparent reason.
But, no, no.
John Hughes did not direct my life.
So instead of all that I
get to save 15 cents,
on a bottle of Juniper Breeze
Antibacterial Gel.
So if you're still with me,
and I'm hoping that most of you are.
This brings us to part four.
How I, Olive Penderghast,
went from assumed trollop
to an actual home-wrecker.
- You wanted to see me?
- I did. Why don't you come in here?
What's going on?
- I'm accessorizing.
- Really?
-Uh huh.
-I think you're taking your reading
assignment a little bit too seriously.
Well, I was really hoping
to get an A. Get it?
- Hee Ha, ha.
- (Olive giggles)
I'm hearing some rumors.
Well, those are true. I am considering
becoming an existentialist.
- You know what I'm talking about.
- Jeez.
When did teachers become
privy to idle adolescent gossip?
That would be when everyone
is putting everything up on Facebook.
I don't know what
your generation's fascination is
with documenting your every thought.
But I can assure you
they're not all diamonds.
"Roman is having an okay day,
and bought a Coke Zero
at the gas station.
Raise the roof."
Mr. Griffith: Who gives a rat's ass?
He got a Coke Zero again?
Ah, that Roman, incorrigible.
Listen, whatever this little act
is about, I just... I'm curious.
I really think you should consider
giving me extra credit,
for going the extra mile.
I mean I'm really
attempting to understand
this puritanical ostracism
- That Hawthorne wrote about.
- You are one of the few that read the book.
If I read one more paper
from one of your classmates
who talks about how hot she is in
the bathtub, her fake British accent,
or, is she still married to
Ashton Kutcher, I'm gonna kill myself.
Why don't people just watch
the original movie like I did?
I know you read the book.
I did.
Listen, I want to apologize for
sending you to the principal's office.
Truthfully, and I'll deny it
if you say anything,
I wanted to be cheering
with the rest of the students.
I don't know what it is about, Nina.
I hate her.
(Laughs) I won't tell.
- I'll deny it if you do.
- Okay.
- Bye-bye.
Stay golden.
- Hi, Mrs. Griffith.
- Hi, you. How are you?
A is for "Awesome."
Uh huh, Yeah.
Okay, I've never seen that
girl before in my life.
That does not surprise me.
I know, but I'm the guidance counselor.
I should know all the students.
Especially the ones
who dress like prostitutes.
- It's good to see you.
- Hey, how are you? Good.
No, stop. We're at school.
There are rules.
- Windows.
- Yeah, yeah.
Do me a favor, though.
Just talk to her.
I think she's going through a phase.
Oh wait is that...that's not the girl
everyone's talking about, is it?
It is.
Oh, okay. Oh, this'll be good.
All right.
You know that snotty, Jesus-freak
office aide I have
has been bitching
about her incessantly.
They're all lies, but um, she could use
somebody to talk to anyway.
All right. Hey, what are you doing
for dinner tonight?
- You won't be there?
- Sorry.
I have an after-school session.
Kid brought a knife to school.
Well, be careful, all right?
It was a butter knife.
But you know what they say.
You know, it's a gateway knife, so...
- All right, bye.
- Yeah. Bye.
I'm thinking about another gateway.
It's a...
Hey uh! No!
Making spaghetti.
- Mrs. Griffith: That's great.
- With meat.
Mrs. Griffith:
Enjoy eating your meat.
- And balls.
- Mrs. Griffith: Enjoy eating your balls.
♪ Trouble will find you
no matter where you go, oh, oh. ♪
Sharpening your pencils?
Getting them nice and sharp?
Hm, sharpening them up? Look at you.
Look at you. (gasps) So sharp.
Oh! Sharpening those pencils.
Sharp, sharp, sharp.
- Ooo, God, that's sharp. L...
- Hey, Olive. You ready to come in?
(Mouths) Good job.
Well, the reason I called you in
was just so we could
sort of, you know, just chat
about what's going on.
You know, there is concern
from a few faculty members.
Your husband.
Olive, you're attempting
to make a statement.
I'm just a little confused
as to what exactly that is.
Am I in trouble?
Because, um, pursuant
to the student code of conduct.
My hemline has never been
higher than my fingertips.
No, you're not in trouble.
No, I just wanted to make sure you knew
if there's something
that you wanna talk about,
you know, you can trust me.
If I open up to you, do you promise
this stays in confidence?
Yeah. I'm... See?
I'm the guidance counselor.
That's what I do.
I mean, I have a reputation to uphold.
Don't you, though?
All right, listen, don't tell anyone
I'm doing this, please.
Here you go.
- Here you go.
- I really don't need those.
Oh, you really do. Here you go.
Here you go. Okay?
Okay, I just don't want this thing you're
going through to define your life.
Mrs. Griffith: Olive, do what you gotta do.
Okay?
Let your freak flag fly. Just make sure
you have an exit strategy.
Listen, Mrs. Griffith, I really...
I don't need these.
Well you know what?
The pill is not 100 percent effective.
Ask some of your friends' parents.
Thank you for coming in.
Can you just send in the next person?
- Mm hmm.
- Thank you.
You're up, hoss.
Okay. Go, it's all right.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Don't you think it's a little strange
that your boyfriend is 22 years old
- and still in high school?
- Not that it's any of your business, trollop,
but he is here by choice.
It's his choice that he's a fourth-year senior
that can't pass any test he takes at all?
His choice. His...His.
Capital H.
If God wanted him to graduate, God
would've given him the right answers.
(Stifles laughter)
I'm sorry.
You gotta be shitting me, woman.
Okay. So why was he
blubbering like a baby?
- Is he struggling with his sexuality?
- No, you insensitive rhymes-with-witch.
His parents are
going through a divorce.
Okay, um.
(Quietly sobs)
You know,
sometimes our boyfriend's parents,
they get divorced, you know?
And it's important to remember
it's not your fault.
So I gotta go.
But they go to our church.
What will people say?
How long do these embraces usually
last? Because I gotta go, but l...
- Are you gonna be okay?
- Yes, I'm gonna be okay.
Mrs. Griffith is amazing,
and she's gonna help Micah,
and everything's gonna be okay.
Yay! See? All right, that's the spirit.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Okay.
Wait. Why are you even
being so nice to me?
I did it.
I got through to you.
(Squeals) Yeee!
I'm so sorry about everything I said.
I am so, so sorry.
I mean, I really want us to be friends.
Can we please be friends?
Absolutely.
- Yay!
Olive: And for a day, we were
actually really good friends.
I was kind of starting to think
things were gonna turn around.
Olive!
- Friend.
- Hey, friend.
- I missed you.
- Oh, I missed you more.
Olive: She texted me in first period.
By second period,
we apparently had private jokes.
Olive, Olive.
Tragedy struck in Wood Shop.
And it wasn't because
someone sawed off a thumb.
Which has happened, by the way.
Micah is in the hospital.
He is in so much pain.
The nurse didn't know
what was wrong.
-(Marianne cries)
-There, there.
(Moans) It hurts so bad, Mommy.
Well, it's just what I thought.
Chlamydia.
No.
Who have you been screwing?
Tell me.
Tell me now
or I will kill you right here.
Olive, Olive Penderghast!
Olive, Olive Penderghast.
I have to call you back.
Okay, bye-bye.
Goddamn it.
Chlamydia?!
That bitch!
- Olive?
- Hey.
(Hard slap)
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Goddamn it.
Micah: I panicked.
I said I got it
from Olive Penderghast.
I know, but what was
I supposed to say?
You know, and then my mom
tells Marianne's mom.
I did. I tried to blame it
on their divorce.
But my mom is not buying it.
That's it. I have to tell them.
No, I do not care that you
gave me Chlamydia. I don't!
I love you and I want to be with you,
and nobody can stop us.
Micah: Not my mother, not Marianne,
and not even the school board,
or the president of the Americas!
Oh, God.
What? What do you want?
What do you want?
Mrs. Griffith: Just go.
(Glass breaks)
Perfect, just perfect.
I'm sorry, I just-
I was looking for, Marianne.
Did she say anything
about being mad at me?
'Cause she just smacked
the bejesus out of me.
No, that's my fault.
I'm so sorry, Olive. I'm sorry.
But I messed up, okay?
I just goddamn shit,
goddamn messed up
really goddamn shit bad.
Goddamn, shit, goddamn.
Okay. Don't get me wrong
because I-I love it.
But I don't think you're supposed to
use that language in front of a student.
Yeah, you know what else you're not
supposed to do, is sleep with them.
But that didn't stop me. Goddamn shit.
Wait. You... Oh, my God.
But I'm not... I'm not judging
you or anything, but, oh, my God.
I, wait, but what does that
have to do with me?
You should know
that my marriage is not great.
Okay, we haven't slept together
in like, in months.
In months, all right?
Mrs. Griffith: So finally, this great
looking guy comes in and he's nice to me.
You know, and he's not a minor.
This is legal. It's legal because
he's been here forever, okay?
He's like, he's not the sharpest
Christian in the Bible, all right?
Mrs. Griffith: And then he finds out
that he has Chlamydia.
And so then he's telling
everybody that it was you.
So he has to say, 'cause he didn't want
me to lose my job,
and he doesn't wanna get in trouble
either, so he said it's you.
I'm sorry.
But I will- I'm gonna fix it, Olive.
Okay? I'll tell everyone.
I'm gonna tell everyone that it's me.
Okay? I'll just... I'll lose my job.
And, you know, whatever else I lose,
and then that's okay.
Olive: Maybe it was becoming a habit
of mine to help the downtrodden.
Or maybe I just couldn't stand
to see
my favorite teacher's
marriage crumble.
Either way, I decided to help.
I could have Chlamydia.
I mean, I could have easily given it
to, Micah.
I mean, who knows?
Women oftentimes
don't show symptoms.
And the whole world knows
I've been whoring around.
No, you haven't. No, you haven't.
Because a real whore can't admit it
to herself, much less others. Trust me.
Call Micah.
Tell him he is an ass and
he owes me so big for this, but also,
tell him I confessed
to giving him Chlamydia.
Getting a lot of hugs today.
- You're going to hell, Olive!
- Get out of here!
Olive: So I guess I shouldn't
be too shocked that these people.
wanted my diseased ass
out of there.
(Protesting student)
Save yourself, Olive.
Olive: The funny thing is, the whole
time this all was going down,
I couldn't help but think
I could've come up with better signs.
Although you gotta love
the Quiznos guy.
That's the one thing
that trumps religion: Capitalism.
Why are you doing this?
I'm trying to make this school
a better place.
Can't you just start a petition to get
rid of all the lead paint?
(Quiznos guy)
New Honey Chicken at Quiznos.
- Not now, Quiznos.
- You're a slut.
You're going down, Olive.
Rhi, if this is because I'm more popular
than you, then I think what you're-
Let's not mistake popularity
for infamy.
- (Student)You don't wanna burn, do you?
- I'll be praying for you.
Sorry.
- You okay?
- I'm awesome. I'm awesome.
Screw all these people, Olive.
Haven't you heard?
I already did.
- You're going to hell, Olive!
- What you're doing is wrong.
(Students) You're going to hell!
Olive: So they got Rhiannon.
Never underestimate the power
of extremists like, Marianne.
They sense any weakness,
they pounce like jungle cats.
And the whack pack
just gets bigger and bigger.
But at least they have a pack.
I was used to being by myself,
but I had never felt more alone.
So I thought I should look into what they
were running around thumping about.
- Hi, um, do you have a religion section?
- It's right over there.
- Can I help you with something?
- The Bible.
Oh, that's in bestsellers,
right next to Twilight.
Olive: I didn't have time
to read the whole thing,
because it's like, 600 pages.
Single-spaced.
And as every war that's ever
been fought can tell you,
there are many ways
you can interpret it.
Except the Civil War.
That was pure racism.
So I went to find an expert.
But really, I just kind of
wanted someone to talk to.
Forgive me, Father,
for I have sinned.
I think that's how you're
suppose to start these things.
I'm just going off
what I've seen in movies.
Where do I even start?
I've been pretending to be-
What is the Catholic way
of phrasing this?
A harlot?
A harlot, it's not that
I've actually been doing
the things that people, have
been saying I've been doing.
But then again,
I'm not denying them either.
So I was just wondering,
is that wrong?
It's just that a lot of people,
have been asking me to do things,
and I thought it was okay
because it wasn't real, you know?
It was make-believe.
And no one was getting hurt, but-
a lot of people hate me now.
I kind of hate me too.
I might be wrong, but um-
aren't you supposed to say something?
Tell me to say 10 Hail Mary’s,
pay a fine,
advance token to nearest railroad?
Hello?
Olive: Should've seen that one coming.
Luckily, I live in a town
with many different places of worship.
So I went to find one
with a real live human being.
Woman: Can I help you?
Yeah, I was just wondering
if there's a minister around.
Is it not a minister?
A Reverend? A wizard?
It's a pastor, and he's here.
How can I help you today?
Um, I was just wondering what your church's
stance on lying and adultery was.
It's not a good thing.
Oh, I agree, wholeheartedly.
But, then... Now, tell me this.
Assuming there is a hell.
Oh, the Christian Church recognizes
the existence of hell.
Okay, so we'll just say
there's a "hell."
There is. Just so we're clear.
- Okay. So for argument's sake...
- No, there's no argument. It's there.
Right below our feet,
right above the Orient. It's there.
Then what would be worse,
lying or adultery?
Or is lying about adultery
just like double whammy? Sorry.
-Come on.
Olive: Ah...AHH!
I'm sorry young lady,
what did you say your name was?
I didn't. I...you know what?
I'm just gonna,
I'm just gonna go check out
Judaism.
- God. Two frames, really?
- Sorry.
The Jews and I have a lot in common.
- Just fashion-wise and stuff.
- Off you go.
Olive: Yes, I had unwittingly sought advice
from the father
of the leader of my lynch mob.
What other complete and total idiot
can say that's happened to them?
Dill: Okay, I've narrowed it down
to The Other Boleyn Girl,
or The Bucket List. Huge hit.
Why can't we watch a movie for kids?
You always get to pick.
Because the Family Member
of the Week gets to pick the movie.
Yeah, but you get Family Member
of the Week every week.
And there's a reason for that.
Yeah. You pick
Family Member of the Week.
Are you accusing me of nepotism?
Okay, it's The Bucket List.
This is it. This is the greatest decision.
I'm so happy with this decision.
That's what it's going to be.
All right, now, honey, after we watch
The Bucket List,
remember to cross "Watch
The Bucket List" off our bucket list.
Olive: Guys.
I just want you to know that if you hear around
town that I have Chlamydia, that is totally false.
Olive, do we need
to have the talk again?
No, it's just a thing
that's going around.
You know, nothing you're saying
is making me feel any better.
Not to mention how you've been
dressing the last few days.
No judgment, but you kinda
look like a stripper.
- Mom.
- A high-end stripper.
For governors or athletes.
Dill: But stripper, nonetheless.
Oh, my God. I'm just trying
to mix it up a little.
And I have no STD's, I promise you.
Oh, that's great.
Daughter of the Year.
I'm saying if you hear
anything to the contrary,
come up with some funny retort
and walk away.
Honey, you're kind of starting
to worry us a little.
Should we be kind of
worried a little?
I don't think so.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
Yeah, I got it all under control.
- Okay.
Then let's Bucket List this bitch.
The Bucket List, The Bucket List.
To say this whole thing
had taken over my life
would be a colossal understatement.
Olive: I actually reread The Scarlet Letter
to see how Hester dealt with it.
And it turns out she bore
her punishment in humble silence.
Which are two concepts
I am not comfortable with.
Olive: With all the mythical play
I was getting.
I still actually hadn't been
asked out on a real date.
People were jumping up and down
to say they'd slept with me,
but no one bothered
really trying to sleep with me.
I was starting to think I actually did
have a gnome down there.
- Until finally.
- Anson: Hey, Olive.
Hey, Anson. What's up?
I was wondering
if you were busy tonight.
Maybe wanna go out or something?
What did you have in mind?
I was thinking about getting
a hot-air balloon, you know.
Bringing along some champagne,
and then possibly reading
some Sylvia Plath.
Or we could just go
to The Lobster Shack,
'cause it's, you know,
a little easier.
- I love The Lobster Shack.
- Good.
Okay, it's a date, then.
- Okay.
- Anson: Okay.
Um, so should I still bring
the Sylvia Plath or?
No, we could stick our heads
in the oven
- if we run out of things to talk about.
- Huh.
That was...
(Dismissive hiss)
- Cool. All right. Well...
- Cool.
You look really beautiful.
Thank you.
- You're a real gentleman.
- No.
Just a guy having dinner with a girl.
(Polite laugh)
Do you believe this whole thing
about lobster being an aphrodisiac?
I did not know it was.
Medical science really
has not substantiated claims
that any particular food increases
sexual desire or performance,
but guys just spend and spend
to ply women with food
they think is gonna get them lucky.
Which is funny, because, it's like
what is sexy about slurping
back oysters? Nothing.
Okay, did you know some people actually
eat ground-up rhinoceros horn.
Because it's thought to increase
the size of the male sex organ?
That's not true at all.
Spanish fly, spanish fly.
You've heard of this? Yes?
- Yes.
- Okay. That thing?
Pulverized blister beetle. What?
And it's illegal in the U.S. Because
if you eat just a little bit too much
it causes painful urination,
fever and bloody discharge.
- Am I talking too much?
- No.
You're just burning through
a lot of topics, really fast.
Shouldn't have had coffee
three weeks ago.
I'm just kidding.
(Waitress) Your Maine lobster
with crab and seafood stuffing.
Uh, yum!
- Yo, I'm jealous.
- Thank you.
Let's dig in. Right?
(Serving staff singing)
♪ Happy, happy birthday ♪
I didn't know Woodchuck Todd
worked here.
Todd: Behold this piece
of cake is free.
(All) ♪ Have a happy, happy birthday,
you're the best. you're the best! ♪
He's dressed like a lobster.
I should start calling him
Lobster Todd.
I said hip, hip a happy,
hip, hip, a happy.
Shit.
- Shit, shit, shit.
- What? What's wrong?
- Rhiannon's over there.
- So?
She's been in love with you
since 1st grade.
- She's my best friend.
- I thought you two weren't speaking.
We're not, but that doesn't mean
she's not my best friend.
Or that I should be out with you.
Oh, Rhi and I don't have
anything in common.
- And you and I do?
- Yeah.
- Like what?
- Like I hate Marianne Bryant too.
If that's our magical connection,
I should just date the entire school.
Haven't you?
No. No, I haven't.
Happy birthday to you.
Okay, she can't see us.
Check, check, check.
Can you just...? Excuse me? Hi.
- Yo.
- I just remembered I am so allergic to shellfish.
I always forget that my respiratory
system will collapse and I'll die.
- I have a gift certificate. Keep the tip.
- Thanks.
I'm sorry, but we have to go.
- Go, go. Come on, come on.
- Okay.
Olive: Go, go, go.
Olive: I'm sorry about that.
I've got something for you.
Anson: Two hundred dollars
to The Home Depot.
Bam!
I didn't realize this was a-
I know it sounds kind of lame, but they
really do have some awesome stuff.
I bought my air compressor there.
So, what do we do on this date?
Whatever 200 bucks gets me.
- That's not really how it works.
- It's okay.
Stop.
I'm not really having sex
with people for money.
I'm saying I'm having sex
with people for money,
but I'm not having sex
with people for money.
It's okay. It's all right. Come on.
- Stop. No, no.
- What?
Stop!
Come on, just relax. Come on, babe.
It's all right.
God! Asshole!
What are you doing? I paid you.
Olive: Now you didn't.
Anson: Come on, this is bullshit.
Goddamn it.
Todd: Hey, Olive.
Todd, hi.
- Hey, you all right?
- I just have something in my eye.
(Sniffs) Like a twig, you know, or a branch,
or a contact, or something.
- I didn't know you wore contacts.
- I don't, which is why I was tearing up.
Olive, hey. Let me drive you home.
(Olive sobbing hard)
Do you wanna talk about it?
(crying)
What's to say?
Everybody thinks I'm a whore,
and for the first time,
I'm starting to believe it.
What?
Don't act like you don't know
what people are saying about me.
I know what people are saying.
Doesn't mean I believe them.
- Who told you?
- No one.
No one, no one had to tell me. Once upon
a time, there was a scared little kid
at a party in a dark room
who was not ready for his first kiss.
And, you know, there was
this amazing girl who lied for him.
Olive: I still can't believe
you remember that.
You know, sometimes I pretend
you were my first real kiss.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Who was?
- It was Rhiannon.
- What?
- She must have told you.
Yeah, it was... I think it was, like,
a year after that or something.
It sucked, by the way.
She was, like:
That bitch.
Oh, my God,
she knew how I felt about you.
- How do you feel about me?
- And here I am feeling so bad.
That's just perfect.
Wait, hold on a second.
How do you feel about me?
"Felt."
I said "felt."
Todd: Because I thought I...
I thought I heard "feel."
It was "felt", all right.
How do you know where I live?
We used to carpool.
Yeah, in 2nd grade. What, are you
like a savant for people's addresses?
Just for people who I think are cool.
- You think I'm cool?
- I do.
And I think you're pretty and smart.
Did you form this opinion
prior to my little transformation?
- Way prior.
- Wow.
Why didn't that rumor spread?
I like to keep my business to myself.
Notoriety, for whatever reason,
never seems to benefit the noted,
it's only the "notees."
Where were you two weeks ago?
Olive.
If I promise not to tell anyone,
could I kiss you right now?
No.
- Okay, Okay, I'm sorry. I'm very sorry.
- Oh, no, no, no.
I just mean, not like this.
I don't wanna kiss you with mascara
running down my face
and some horn dog guy
just having tried
to stick his tongue
down my throat.
I've wanted to kiss you
since 8th grade,
but I want it to be perfect.
And right now, my life is a mess.
I need to get my business in order
before I drag you into it.
What if I told you
I wanna be dragged into it?
I could help, maybe.
(Turns off car)
Why now?
Why are you all of a sudden
into me now?
Todd: I don't know.
I haven't overanalyzed it,
like you're about to.
- Good night, Olive.
- Good night, Lobster Todd.
Olive: Now that I knew there were actually
decent and goodhearted people out there
the lies had to stop.
I knew there was only one person I
could count on to set the story straight:
Brandon.
I'd helped him, and even though
it would destroy his new reputation
as a straight stud,
I knew he'd help me.
Oh, my God. Did you hear that
Brandon ran away from home?
Yeah, totally. He left his parents
a note that said, "I'm gay, bitches",
and then he skipped town
with some big, hulking black guy.
My apologies to Mark Twain.
- Wait, huh?
- What?
- You said something.
We were talking and you said something
so then I came back.
- You're funny. Okay.
- Call me.
Olive: I went to everyone I'd helped
and begged them to say it wasn't true.
No way. I gave you money.
Olive: You gave me a gift card to AutoZone.
I don't even have a car.
I thought it'd be aspirational.
Evan, please do this for me, all right?
I did that for you. Do this for me.
I don't want people to know
I didn't go to second base with you.
Do you know how many girls
I've hooked up with because of that?
Wow, girls are almost as dumb as boys.
Oh, yes, they are.
(whispers) Cha, ching.
Olive: It gets worse.
Micah: "Honor your father
and your mother."
Olive: Due to his condition, Micah was
sent on a visit to his grandparents,
in Palatka, Florida.
And if there's one thing worse
than Chlamydia, it's Florida.
"...be guilty of adultery."
Get your hands out
of your berries, boy.
Mrs. Griffith: Olive, life
is full of choices.
I made a bad one.
But then, so did you.
Mrs. Griffith: But I see no other alternative
than to just live with the guilt.
My guilt stems from my indiscretion
and yours for lying.
We made our choices.
Now, we just have to let it ride.
Or I could just tell everyone the truth
and get you fired and put in jail.
First of all, he is of age, okay?
It's perfectly legal
in the state of California.
I checked. He is 21 in eight months.
And secondly, let's play the Who
Would You Believe game, okay?
Why don't you ask yourself, if you
were an adult, who would you believe, huh?
Who would you believe?
(Shouts) Who would you believe? Who?
Thank you for coming in.
Olive: Yeah, Mrs. Griffith was pure evil, but
I still shouldn't have done what I did.
Your wife has Chlamydia,
and she's sleeping with a student,
and she gave it to him,
and she's trying to blame me.
What?
I'm sorry.
Olive: Mr. Griffith,
if you ever see this,
just know that I was wrong
to tell you that in that way. At all.
I shouldn't have done it.
Olive: And I don't even feel bad
for lying for your wife.
But I hate myself for telling you
the truth. I am so sorry.
With my words, even though
they were true, I ended a marriage.
Looking back, that's the thing
I regret the most.
Olive: So now everyone that knows the truth
is either gone or they won't fess up.
And Marianne Bryant and her
disciples are demanding my head.
The messed-up thing is I would not put
it past Principal Gibbons to expel me.
I had a similar situation
when I was your age.
What? Everyone called you a slut?
I had a horrible reputation and
people said awful things about me.
- Why?
- Because I was a slut.
I slept with a whole bunch of people.
A slew, a heap, a peck. Mostly guys.
- Mom.
- Sorry, I got around.
Before I met Dad,
I had incredibly low self-worth.
Do me a favor and just stuff this down
my throat until I asphyxiate to death.
- It's true. It is.
- I want to die. (Gags)
It's true.
I was quite the contortionist.
I could do this thing. I could go...
I mean, my leg all the way...
Stop. Can you stop?
Don't show me.
- Can you not see that I'm a mess?
- No, you're not, Olive.
You're wonderful.
And you'll handle this
the same way I did.
With an incontrovertible
sense of humor.
But you're much smarter than I am.
So you'll come out of this
much better than I did.
Thank you, Mom.
- Rosemary: I could get my leg so far back.
- Olive: No, no, no. Stop it.
Olive: So it was time to put an end
to all this once and for all.
By telling my side of the story.
And that's why I decided
to do this web cast.
So here we go.
(Clears throat)
Part five.
Not with a fizzle, but with a bang.
Olive: Today we had yet another
one of our ridiculous pep rallies.
Todd convinced the band to play
the sexiest song in their repertoire.
I needed to pique everyone's interest enough
to get them to go home and log on.
I had one outfit left and I figured
about 30 seconds to do it.
Plus I really wanted
my own awesome musical number...
... for no apparent reason.
♪ ("Knock On Wood" by Amii Stewart) ♪
Is that Olive?
♪ I don't want to lose you,
This good thing ♪
♪ That I got 'Cause if I do ♪
♪ I will surely, surely lose a lot ♪
♪ 'Cause your love is better
Than any love I know ♪
♪ It's like thunder, lightning ♪
- ♪ The way you love me is frightening ♪
- (Crowd cheers)
♪ You better knock, on wood, baby ♪
♪ It's like thunder, lightening ♪
♪ The way you love me is frightening ♪
♪ You better knock, baby ♪
♪ Baby, better knock, knock,
knock on wood. ♪
♪ Baby, better knock. ♪
(Crowd cheers)
This was just a free preview.
Olive: For the main event, log on to
www.FreeOlive.com tonight at 6 p.m.
And I know it interferes with
the basketball game but, come on.
Would you rather be here cheering on
the Woodchucks,
or watch me do one?
Principal Gibbons: What do you think you're doing
young lady? Get to my office right now.
You know, I can't, because I have a date with
the guy I like and the rest of the school.
I think that before you expel me,
you might wanna talk to Mrs. Griffith,
because I think she might
talk you into letting me stay.
Go, Blue Devils!
(Crowd cheers)
And here you all are,
waiting outside the bedroom door
for me to kiss, Todd.
Olive: Listening to me pretend
to have sex with, Brandon.
Paying me to lie for you.
And calling me
every name in the book.
And you know, it was just like Hester
in The Scarlet Letter.
Except that's the one thing
the movies don't tell you:
How shitty it feels to be an outcast.
Warranted or not.
♪ (Don't you forget about me" by Simple Minds
playing outside Olive's window) ♪
♪ Hey, hey, hey hey. ♪
♪ Oooohhh.. ♪
How did you know I love this song?
I guessed.
I see you've been watching my live
web cast. It's still going on, you know.
Screw them. They've had
enough of you. Figuratively speaking.
I borrowed my neighbor's mower.
I came right over.
That almost rhymed.
I know. I spent a minute on it.
I'll be right down.
That's Todd.
Not that I owe you guys any more confessions,
but um, I really like this guy.
- Olive: And I might even lose my virginity to him.
- Chip: Hmm?
I don't know when it'll happen.
You know, it might be five minutes
from now or tonight,
or six months from now
or maybe on our wedding night.
But the really amazing thing is,
it is nobody's goddamn business.
Come on, where's she going?
I thought she was going
to take her clothes off.
Demi Moore took her clothes off.
This is bullshit.
Come on. Are you kidding me?
- Piss off.
- Come here, you punk.
- ♪ Don't you, forget about me ♪
- Mrs. Griffith: Jack?
♪ Will you stand above me? ♪
♪ Look my way, never love me ♪
♪ Rain keeps falling, rain keeps falling
Down, down, down ♪
♪ Will you recognize me? ♪
♪ Call my name or walk on by ♪
Jim: That's a mighty snug
little shelter, Huck.
I judge it's all right.
Here, Jim, I'll take my turn
at steering now.
No, that's all right, Huck.
I like steering.
♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey. ♪
♪ Oooooh...Oh! ♪
(Screams in joy)
Todd: Blue Devils!